Support Auxkernel-like updates of MFEM AuxVariables (#55)
aurora-multiphysics/platypus: doc/content/source/auxkernels/MFEMDivAux.md

# MFEMDivAux

## Summary

!syntax description /AuxKernels/MFEMDivAux

## Overview

> AuxKernel for calculating the divegence of an $H(\mathrm{div})$ conforming source variable defined on a 3D RT
> FE space and storing it in a scalar elemental result variable defined on a $L^2$ FE space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AuxKernel for calculating the divegence of an $H(\mathrm{div})$ conforming source variable defined on a 3D Raviart-Thomas finite element space and storing it in a scalar elemental result variable defined on an $L^2$ FE space.
```
